[Feature] Styleguidist overhaul (#766)
vrk-kpa/suomifi-ui-components: src/core/Modal/Modal/Modal.md

Use the `<Modal>` component to create accessible modals in your application.

Examples:

- [Basic use](/#/Components/Modal?id=basic-use)
- [Full screen](/#/Components/Modal?id=full-screen)
- [No scrolling (dialog)](/#/Components/Modal?id=no-scrolling-dialog)
- [Set focus on open and close](/#/Components/Modal?id=set-focus-on-open-and-close)
- [Complex Modal with custom styling](/#/Components/Modal?id=complex-modal-with-custom-styling)

<div style="margin-bottom: 5px">
  [Props & methods (Modal)](/#/Components/Modal?id=props--methods)
</div>
<div style="margin-bottom: 5px">
  [Props & methods (ModalContent)](/#/Components/Modal?id=modalcontent)
</div>
<div style="margin-bottom: 5px">
  [Props & methods (ModalTitle)](/#/Components/Modal?id=modaltitle)
</div>
<div style="margin-bottom: 40px">
  [Props & methods (ModalFooter)](/#/Components/Modal?id=modalfooter)
</div>

### Basic use

Compose the Modal with `<ModalContent>`, `<ModalTitle>` and `<ModalFooter>`

> Hide the application root node from screen readers using the `appElementId` prop.

Reviewer: Suggested change to emphasize that a11y is not just about screen readers:
```suggestion
Hide the application root node from the keyboard focus order and assistive technology using the `appElementId` prop.
```

</>;
```

### Set focus on open and close

By default, initial focus will be in the modal title. When closed, focus will return to where it was before opening.

The `focusOnOpenRef` and `focusOnCloseRef` props can be used to change this behaviour.

> **NOTE**: Use with caution as screen reader users may get confused if initial focus is not in the beginning of modal or if focus does not return to where it was before opening the modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Use with caution as screen reader users may get confused if initial focus is not in the beginning of modal or if focus does not return to where it was before opening the modal. In modals with little content, initial focus could be set on the first interactive element, e.g. an "OK" button or a text input.
```
